Update tutorials on how to import CSV files (#166)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/appendix/tutorials/guide-import-desktop-csv.adoc

> .. Enter `bin/cypher-shell`.

Author: Oh, yes. You're absolutely right. Thank you.  This somehow escaped my attention. Perhaps, I just remove these screenshots, if we want to update this tutorial quickly.

Since you expect all of your products and all of your orders to already exist in the graph (that data should have been loaded with the last two files), then you start with `MATCH` to find the existing `Product` and `Order` nodes.
Then, the `MERGE` statement will add the new relationship or match an existing one.

As you found when you ran a count on the _order-details_ file above, there are 2,155 rows in the CSV.
While this is not a huge number for file imports, you will have Cypher commit the data to the database in batches to reduce the memory overhead of the transaction state.
For this, you can use the subquery `CALL {} IN TRANSACTIONS` after the `LOAD CSV` clause.
The number of input rows is set with the modifier `OF n ROWS` (or `ROW`).
If omitted, the default batch size is 1000 rows.
For this exercise, you will ask Cypher to commit every *500 rows*.
You could decrease this number if you have a lot of memory already allocated to other tasks, or if it is limited.

[source, cypher]
----
LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:///order-details.csv' AS row

> CALL {
>  WITH row
>  MATCH (p:Product {productId: toInteger(row[0]})
>  MATCH (o:Order {orderId: toInteger(row[1]})
>  MERGE (o)-[rel:CONTAINS {quantityOrdered: toInteger(row[2]}]->(p)
>  RETURN count(rel)
> } IN TRANSACTIONS OF 500 ROWS

Reviewer: Is there a reason you started accessing the data as a list (row[0]) instead of using the headers? The purpose or using WITH HEADERS allows one to access the fields using the column names. I think it would look better like:
```suggestion
CALL {
 WITH row
 MATCH (p:Product {productId: toInteger(row.productID})
 MATCH (o:Order {orderId: toInteger(row.orderID})
 MERGE (o)-[rel:CONTAINS {quantityOrdered: toInteger(row.quantity}]->(p)
 RETURN count(rel)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 500 ROWS
```
